do you want to get a high paying digital
marketing job without ever going to the
office
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm gonna break down five high-paying
digital marketing jobs that you can do
from
home before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
today i'm gonna break down five jobs you
can do at home and best of all
if you don't know how to do them i'm
gonna give you a course that teaches you
how to do each and every single one of
them
so let's get started
number one copywriting
top earners average salary 130 000.
now keep in mind you're probably not
going to earn the top earners salary
from day one but it's something to work
towards for the future so where can you
learn it there's a free copywriting
course by neville medora and it's a
really good course that's worth checking
out there's also a quick course on
effective website copywriting by
conversion excel also known as cxl and
here's a cool thing with the cxl course
conversion excel is all about
copywriting for conversions it's one
thing to write copy that people just may
read it's even better to write copy that
people want to read and then go and make
a purchase from if you can do that as a
copywriter that's how you're going to
get to the upper levels of
payment or salary as a copywriter number
two search engine optimization manager
the top earners average salary is 98 000
it can be less it can be more depending
on where you're starting off and you're
probably wondering hey where can i learn
seo and keep in mind when you start
learning seo it doesn't mean that you're
going to be a manager from day one but
it's something you can work up to i have
a seo course on the neilpatel.com site
just go to neilpatel.com training and
click on seo unlocked and this course
will teach you all the basics of seo and
even some of the advanced lessons as
well and each video lesson is short to
the point and it's free three data
scientists top earners average salary
anywhere from 120 000 to 130 000
and if you're wondering what data
science this is it's all about computing
data and taking that data and then
figuring out what actionable decisions a
company should be making and that's
really important if you can look at data
you can analyze it but you don't know
what decisions they should be making
you're not as valuable so that's a
really key
point
and you're probably wondering hey where
do i learn it well there's an
introduction to data science by matisse
you should check it out there's also
data science micro masters by uc san
diego at edx there's also cs109 data
science by harvard
and there's applied data science with
python specializations by umitch at
coursera
and you can check out any one of the
courses
you know you may like one better than
another um harvard's always a good name
especially when you're putting on a
resume so check that one out as well
the next one is the email marketing
manager there's a saying in email
marketing the money's in the list you
know companies like amazon companies
like overstock they make so much money
from emails so it's a very important
channel top earners average salary
hundred and ten thousand dollars
probably wondering where can i learn
email marketing
email marketing unlocked go to
neilpatel.com
training i got a free email marketing
course that you can check out
and the last
you know role that you can do from home
that pays quite well is a content
marketing manager top earners average
salaries 115 000
and you could end up learning it at
content marketing a lot at neilpatel.com
training and with the training courses i
mentioned at neilpatel.com on email
marketing content seo i also give
worksheets handouts and lessons and
they're all for free so then that when
you're doing each lesson you're getting
handouts and worksheets and checklists
so that way you'll know how to do the
job step by step
now if you're looking for a job in
digital marketing that's remote check
out my ad agency np digital we're always
hiring and uh if you enjoy this video
like it share it tell the people about
it thank you for watching